Hide.md, before:

# Hide the VM 

### By default, the VM isn't hidden at all and can be easily detected by some popular anti cheats. What if we want to avoid that?

## Disclaimer
Some games **will** still detect the VM (except maybe if you do some obscure tricks, and even then you're not guaranteed to not get detected/silent flagged and then banned). I'm mostly talking about Valorant and their shitty AC which doesn't even work properly on plain windows. Tbh just avoid those games altogether.


# Avoid code 43 on nvidia cards (OUTDATED)

### This isn't needed anymore if you got updated drivers as nvidia removed those restrictions, but still leaving that here.

Find your hyperv part inside the xml, and add the same vendor id tag as in the example below:
```xml
    <hyperv mode="custom">
      ...
      ...
        <vendor_id state='on' value='123123123eee'/>
    </hyperv>
```
Next, right under the losing hyperv tag, add the same lines as below:
```xml
    </hyperv>
    <kvm>
        <hidden state='on'/>
    </kvm>
```


# Disable the hypervisor

### Note: this **WILL** make your VM slower, sometimes by a lot. For some games it doesn't matter that much, but it's still recommended that you leave that on if you can.

Find your features closing tag, and add the following lines right below:
```xml
    <feature policy='disable' name='hypervisor'/>
    <feature policy='require' name='invtsc'/>
```

# Other [pafish](https://github.com/a0rtega/pafish) fixes

## Note: Not sure if those are used in real detection, but better safe than sorry.

### [\*] Checking mouse click activity ... traced!<br>[\*] Checking mouse double click activity ... traced!<br>[\*] Checking operating system uptime using GetTickCount() ... traced!
> Those checks are pretty inconsistent and i've seen the mouse ones getting triggered even with the logitech drivers on and installed. You can just ignore them.


### [\*] Checking the difference between CPU timestamp counters (rdtsc) forcing VM exit ... traced!
> Haven't tested any myself for this one, so here are a few possible options: <br>
> https://github.com/SamuelTulach/BetterTiming <br>
> https://github.com/WCharacter/RDTSC-KVM-Handler


### [\*]Checking hypervisor bit in cpuid feature bits ... traced!<br>[\*]Checking cpuid hypervisor vendor for known VM vendors ... traced!
> See [#Disable the hypervisor](#disable-the-hypervisor)


### [\*] Scsi port->bus->target id->logical unit id-> 0 identifier ... traced!<br>[\*] Reg key (HKLM\HARDWARE\Description\System "SystemBiosVersion") ... traced!

#### Permanent fix:
> See [#Recompile Qemu with fixes](#recompile-qemu-with-fixes)
#### Temporary fix (every reboot):
> Change the following registery keys:<br>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DEVICEMAP\Scsi\Scsi Port 0\Scsi Bus 0\Target Id 0\Logical Unit Id 0`
> > Identifier: "CT1000MX500SSD1"<br>
>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DESCRIPTION\System`
> > SystemBiosVersion: set as something else 
>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DESCRIPTION\System\BIOS`
> > SystemProductName: "To Be Filled By O.E.M."<br>
> > SystemVersion: "To Be Filled By O.E.M."<br>
> > BIOSVendor: "American Megatrends Inc."<br>
> > BIOSVersion: "P4.40"<br>


### [\*] cpuid CPU brand string 'QEMU Virtual CPU' ... traced!
> Change your CPU model to something else, usually "Host Passthrough" is recommended.



# Recompile Qemu with fixes
[Click here to see the fixes to make to hide eveything](https://github.com/nbaertsch/qemu-git-patched-pkgbuild/blob/6c5092097060b83542965b1362c7afbc17e0dade/PKGBUILD#L43)<br>
Note that this PKGBUILD is 2 years old now, I don't really need to hide my VMs that much so i'm just not using it.<br>
If you REALLY want to hide everything, I recommend making your own PKGBUILD from the official qemu-git one. Just copy pasting the fix lines from the old PKGBUILD into the new one should be enough, but can't say for sure

Commit message:

Added a reg file to hide, refactor

Hide.md, after:

# Hide the VM 

### By default, the VM isn't hidden at all and can be easily detected by some popular anti cheats. What if we want to avoid that?

## Disclaimer
Some games **will** still detect the VM (except maybe if you do some obscure tricks, and even then you're not guaranteed to not get detected/silent flagged and then banned). I'm mostly talking about Valorant and their shitty AC which doesn't even work properly on plain windows. Tbh just avoid those games altogether.


# Avoid code 43 on nvidia cards (OUTDATED)

### This isn't needed anymore if you got updated drivers as nvidia removed those restrictions, but still leaving that here.

Find your hyperv part inside the xml, and add the same vendor id tag as in the example below:
```xml
    <hyperv mode="custom">
      ...
      ...
        <vendor_id state='on' value='123123123eee'/>
    </hyperv>
```
Next, right under the losing hyperv tag, add the same lines as below:
```xml
    </hyperv>
    <kvm>
        <hidden state='on'/>
    </kvm>
```


# Disable the hypervisor

### Note: this **WILL** make your VM slower, sometimes by a lot. For some games it doesn't matter that much, but it's still recommended that you leave that on if you can.

Find your cpu tag, and inside of it add the 2 features lines in the example below:
```xml
<cpu mode="..." check="..." migratable="...">
    ...
    <feature policy="disable" name="hypervisor"/>
    <feature policy="require" name="invtsc"/>
</cpu>
```

# Other [pafish](https://github.com/a0rtega/pafish) fixes

## Note: Not sure if those are used in real detection, but better safe than sorry.

### [\*] Checking mouse click activity ... traced!<br>[\*] Checking mouse double click activity ... traced!<br>[\*] Checking operating system uptime using GetTickCount() ... traced!
> Those checks are pretty inconsistent and i've seen the mouse ones getting triggered even with the logitech drivers on and installed. You can just ignore them.


### [\*] Checking the difference between CPU timestamp counters (rdtsc) forcing VM exit ... traced!
> Haven't tested any myself for this one, so here are a few possible options: <br>
> https://github.com/SamuelTulach/BetterTiming <br>
> https://github.com/WCharacter/RDTSC-KVM-Handler


### [\*]Checking hypervisor bit in cpuid feature bits ... traced!<br>[\*]Checking cpuid hypervisor vendor for known VM vendors ... traced!
> See [#Disable the hypervisor](#disable-the-hypervisor)


### [\*] Scsi port->bus->target id->logical unit id-> 0 identifier ... traced!<br>[\*] Reg key (HKLM\HARDWARE\Description\System "SystemBiosVersion") ... traced!

<details> 
<summary> ### Temporary fix (every reboot, not recommended): </summary>

> Change the following registery keys:<br>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DEVICEMAP\Scsi\Scsi Port 0\Scsi Bus 0\Target Id 0\Logical Unit Id 0`
> > Identifier: "CT1000MX500SSD1"<br>
>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DESCRIPTION\System`
> > SystemBiosVersion: set as something else 
>
> ### `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\DESCRIPTION\System\BIOS`
> > SystemProductName: "To Be Filled By O.E.M."<br>
> > SystemVersion: "To Be Filled By O.E.M."<br>
> > BIOSVendor: "American Megatrends Inc."<br>
> > BIOSVersion: "P4.40"<br>
> 
</details>

#### Permanent proper fix:
> See [#Recompile Qemu with fixes](#recompile-qemu-with-fixes)

#### Permanent easier fix:
> [Download this file](assets/hide/HideVM.reg) and run it on startup (shell:startup folder)

### [\*] cpuid CPU brand string 'QEMU Virtual CPU' ... traced!
> Change your CPU model to something else, usually "Host Passthrough" is recommended.



# Recompile Qemu with fixes
[Click here to see the fixes to make to hide eveything](https://github.com/nbaertsch/qemu-git-patched-pkgbuild/blob/6c5092097060b83542965b1362c7afbc17e0dade/PKGBUILD#L43)<br>
Note that this PKGBUILD is 2 years old now, I don't really need to hide my VMs that much so i'm just not using it.<br>
If you REALLY want to hide everything, I recommend making your own PKGBUILD from the official qemu-git one. Just copy pasting the fix lines from the old PKGBUILD into the new one should be enough, but can't say for sure
